hi everyone this is Dave from Gita noids
now a couple of days ago Apple announced
the new iPhone 5 and with it came a new
nano SIM card while Vodafone Codel UK
very kindly sent me out one of each of
the current SIM cards so what I'm going
to show you in this video is the
physical differences and also if it's
possible to cut down a micro SIM card or
a standard sized SIM card to the new
nano size so let's take a look at the
three different sizes first of all we've
got a standard sized SIM card here we've
got a micro SIM card and that's like
what's used in the iPhone 4 or the
iPhone 4s and then we've got the new
nano SIM card which is going to be used
in the iPhone 5 so let's just take the
outer cards away now this is what they
normally come supplied on and you just
sort pop them out like so and then let's
take a closer look at all three SIM
cards so here we go on the left is the
standard size SIM card and then this
moved down to the new micro sized SIM
card and when this happened it was
possible to actually cut them down so if
I just show you here obviously people
did this at their own risk but the
actual contact area if you look at the
gold segment in the middle the actual
contacts line up so you could cut round
very very carefully and all of these
contacts would still line up when you
were using the Micro SIM card let's just
show you it from that angle and you can
see that the sort of three segments here
relate to these three segments here and
it was really easy to cut it down so
that was an easy solution when we were
moving down from standard size to micro
sized SIM card but with the nano SIM
card it's not quite so easy
let's move this standard one just up the
top here and have a closer look at these
you can see it's gone down in size quite
considerably if I just pop this on top
of this one you can see here is a lot
lot smaller and although these three
segments do line up here
and the middle segment if I just pop it
just underneath here the middle segment
also lines up and then if I pop it to
the side here you can see that these
three contacts do line up with these
three contacts you're gonna have to
actually be cutting through metal so to
cut this one down again at your own risk
we're going to be cutting through the
metal contacts which is not a good idea
so my advice to you is if you have
ordered an iPhone five would be to
actually get your order in now for a new
nano SIM card a lot of the networks
including vodafone co uk have got these
in stock now so if you're expecting
delivery of your iPhone five next Friday
get your order in now for the new nano
SIM card it is not going to be an easy
task to cut this down and I think if you
try to cut through these metal contacts
you're going to end up damaging your
current SIM card so thanks very much for
watching this video I hope the look at
the standard micro and nano SIM card has
been helpful to you please do hit the
thumbs up button on this video please do
subscribe and I will see you all in the
next one